update Shibboleth documentation for version 3 and repository webform (#8406)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/sphinx-guides/source/installation/shibboleth.rst

Support for Shibboleth in the Dataverse Software is built on the popular `"mod_shib" Apache module, "shibd" daemon <https://shibboleth.net/products/service-provider.html>`_, and the `Embedded Discovery Service (EDS) <https://shibboleth.net/products/embedded-discovery-service.html>`_ Javascript library, all of which are distributed by the `Shibboleth Consortium <https://shibboleth.net>`_. EDS is bundled with the Dataverse Software, but ``mod_shib`` and ``shibd`` must be installed and configured per below.

> Only Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) and derivatives have been tested (x86_64 versions) by the Dataverse Project team. See https://shibboleth.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SP3/pages/2065335566/RPMInstall for details and note that (according to that page) as of this writing Ubuntu and Debian are not offically supported by the Shibboleth project.

Reviewer: The "LinuxInstall" page seems to be the one that explains which distros are supported (EL and SUSE).

```suggestion
Only Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) and derivatives have been tested (x86_64 versions) by the Dataverse Project team. See https://shibboleth.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SP3/pages/2065335547/LinuxInstall for details and note that (according to that page) as of this writing Ubuntu and Debian are not officially supported by the Shibboleth project.
```

Installing Shibboleth will give us both the ``shibd`` service and the ``mod_shib`` Apache module.

Enable Shibboleth Yum Repo
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This yum repo is recommended at https://wiki.shibboleth.net/confluence/display/SHIB2/NativeSPLinuxRPMInstall

``cd /etc/yum.repos.d``

Install ``wget`` if you don't have it already:

``yum install wget``

If you are running el8 (RHEL/derivative 8):

> ``wget http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/security:/shibboleth/CentOS_8/security:shibboleth.repo``

Reviewer: Should we do anything with `conf/vagrant/etc/yum.repos.d/shibboleth.repo`?

It's referenced in `scripts/vagrant/setup.sh`.

Reviewer: Done in 42a39d1. Thanks!

> The Shibboleth Project now provides `a web form <https://shibboleth.net/downloads/service-provider/RPMS/>` to generate an appropriate package repository for use with YUM/DNF.

Reviewer: Consistency and fix link.

```suggestion
The Shibboleth project now provides `a web form <https://shibboleth.net/downloads/service-provider/RPMS/>`_ to generate an appropriate package repository for use with YUM/DNF.
```

Reviewer: The web form gives me something like this for CentOS 8:

```
[shibboleth]
name=Shibboleth (CentOS_8)
# Please report any problems to https://shibboleth.atlassian.net/jira
type=rpm-md
mirrorlist=https://shibboleth.net/cgi-bin/mirrorlist.cgi/CentOS_8
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=https://shibboleth.net/downloads/service-provider/RPMS/repomd.xml.key
        https://shibboleth.net/downloads/service-provider/RPMS/cantor.repomd.xml.key
enabled=1
```

Will people reading this page know to put this in  `cd /etc/yum.repos.d`? The previous instructions were pretty explicit about this.
